Describe how to configure the Minimum Qty Allowed in Shopping Cart (#1362)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/cart.md

![The shopping cart page displays tools the shopper can use to manage the products for their order ]({% link images/images/storefront-cart-full.png %}){: .zoom}
_Example storefront - shopping cart_

## How to configure the Minimum Qty Allowed in Shopping Cart

The admin can set the minimum qty allowed to order in store. In addition, the minimum quantity admin can configure for each customer group.

1. Go to **Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration**.

1. Select **Inventory** under **Catalog** section.

1. Expand **Product Stock Options** section.

1. Set the minimum quantity in the **Minimum Qty Allowed in Shopping Cart** field.

    To edit this field clear the **Use system value** checkboxes.

>     - Select Customer Group for setting minimum quantity limit for specific groups. To add another condition click **Add Minimum Qty**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Change the **Customer Group** setting to a specific group and enter the **Minimum Qty** for that group. To add another group and quantity limit, click <span class="btn">Add Minimum Qty<span class="btn">.
```

>     - To set a minimum quantity limit for all customers select **ALL GROUPS**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To set the same minimum quantity limit for all customers, keep the `ALL GROUPS` selection and enter the **Minimum Qty**.
```

> 1. Click **Save Config**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click <span class="btn">Save Config</span>.
```

    ![]({% link images/images/minimum-qty-allowed-in-shopping-cart.png %}){: .zoom}

>     _Minimum Qty Allowed to Order_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    _Minimum quantity requirement in shopping cart_
```

Author: Done, a new topic is created, please check🙏
